# Advent of Code with ChatGPT 2022

In this project I'll try to use [ChatGPT](https://chat.openai.com/chat) to solve the 2022 [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/2022) puzzles.

The goal is to make ChatGPT come to the right solution without manually touching the code by guiding it to the right changes to make. I will however be using my knowledge as a programmer to sometimes give specific hints on how to solve any issues with his code. It's not a test to see if ChatGPT can solve these puzzles without any hints/human input, it's meant to see how adaptable it can be and how useful it would be as a pair program partner.

This way I can learn more about how ChatGPT operates, what the best methodolgy is to use it, how to finetune my prompts, and to get a scope of its capabilities.

## Structure

The project contains a folder for every challenge. Each folder contains:

- A **conversation.md** file, which contains the conversation between me and ChatGPT.
- A **conversation_screenshot.png** file, which contains a screenshot of the conversation.
- Some amount of **attempt_*.py** files, which contain the code generated by ChatGPT in each iteration.
- An **input.txt** file, which contains the input for the challenge.

## Results

- **Day 1**
   - *Attempt 1*: Was going well, but session expired and lost the conversation.
   - *Attempt 2*: Solved in 3 attempts (20 min).

## Notes

- Sometimes, presumably when ChatGPT's answers are too long, he just stops. If this happens I need to urge him to shorten his answer. I do not count these prompts as attempts.

